README.md, before:

![](http://geo.azmag.gov/maps/readonaz/app/resources/img/maglogo_black.png)

# Victim Services Viewer #
MAG mapping application for Victim Services data

[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/AZMAG/map-VictimServices.svg)](https://github.com/AZMAG/map-VictimServices/issues)
[![dependencies](https://david-dm.org/AZMAG/map-VictimServices.png)](https://david-dm.org/AZMAG/map-VictimServices)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/AZMAG/map-VictimServices/dev-status.png)](https://david-dm.org/AZMAG/map-VictimServices)
[![Semver](http://img.shields.io/SemVer/2.0.0.png)](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)
[![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/)
[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

****************************************************************************************

This JavaScript web app viewer was developed by MAG staff for the Human Services Department using ESRI's JavaScript API.  The Victim Services Map Viewer is one of the Maricopa Association of Governments interactive mapping sites, showing victim advocate services data.

## Keywords

`Domestic Violence` `Victim Advocates` `Victim Services` `Victim Services` `Maricopa` `County` `Arizona` `AZ` `Maps` `Maricopa Association of Governments` `MAG` `ESRI` `#MAGmaps`

## Version

#### version 2.3.0 ####

 `Updated: 03/17/2015`

 `Created: 00/00/2012`

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

**`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`**

And constructed with the following guidelines:

1. **MAJOR** version when you make incompatible API changes **bumps the major** resets minor and patch
2. **MINOR** version when you add functionality in a backwards-compatible manner **bumps the minor** resets patch
3. **PATCH** version when you make backwards-compatible bug fixes and misc changes **bumps only the patch**

## Credits

`Maricopa Association of Governments (MAG) and the MAG member agencies`

## Site URL's

* [http://geo.azmag.gov/maps/VictimAdvocates/](http://geo.azmag.gov/maps/VictimAdvocates/)

## Documentation

A detailed list of the changes and fixes in each version update can be found in the `CHANGELOG.md`.

* [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md)

## Resources

## Legal Disclaimer

The Maricopa Association of Governments provides the data within these pages as a public resource of general information for use "as is." The TMaricopa Association of Governments GIS (Geographic Information System) departments provides this information with the understanding that it is not guaranteed to be accurate, correct or complete and any conclusions drawn from such information are the sole responsibility of the user. Further, the Maricopa Association of Governments GIS departments makes no warranty, representation or guaranty as to the content, sequence, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of any of the spatial or database information provided herein. While every effort has been made to ensure the content, sequence, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of materials presented within these pages, the Maricopa Association of Governments GIS Departments assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions, and explicitly disclaims any representations and warranties, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The Maricopa Association of Governments GIS Departments shall assume no liability for:

    1. Any errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the information provided, regardless of how caused; or
    2. Any decision made or action taken or not taken by viewer in reliance upon any information or data furnished hereunder.

Availability of the Maricopa Association of Governments Map Server is not guaranteed. Applications, servers, and network connections may be unavailable at any time for maintenance or unscheduled outages. Outages may be of long duration. Users are cautioned to create dependencies on these services for critical needs.

THE FOREGOING WARRANTY IS EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND/OR ANY OTHER TYPE WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. In no event shall Maricopa Association of Governments become liable to users of these data, or any other party, for any loss or direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, time, money or goodwill, arising from the use or modification of the data.

To assist the Maricopa Association of Governments in the maintenance and/or correction of the data, users should provide the Maricopa Association of Governments GIS Departments with information concerning errors or discrepancies found in using the data. Please use the e-mail contact address at the bottom of the affected web page.

Please acknowledge the Maricopa Association of Governments (MAG) GIS as the source when Map Server data is used in the preparation of reports, papers, publications, maps, or other products.

## Copyright and Licensing

Code released under the MIT license.

* [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt)

Copyright (c) 2017 Maricopa Association of Governments

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

add humans.txt and robots.txt, update LICENSE

README.md, after:

![](http://geo.azmag.gov/maps/readonaz/app/resources/img/maglogo_black.png)

# Victim Services Viewer #
MAG mapping application for Victim Services data

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/http/shields.io.svg?label=my-website)](http://geo.azmag.gov/maps/VictimAdvocates/)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/AZMAG/map-VictimServices.svg)](https://github.com/AZMAG/map-VictimServices/issues)
[![GitHub version](https://badge.fury.io/gh/AZMAG/map-VictimServices.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/gh/AZMAG/map-VictimServices)
[![dependencies](https://david-dm.org/AZMAG/map-VictimServices.png)](https://david-dm.org/AZMAG/map-VictimServices)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/AZMAG/map-VictimServices/dev-status.png)](https://david-dm.org/AZMAG/map-VictimServices)
[![Semver](http://img.shields.io/SemVer/2.0.0.png)](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)
[![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/)
[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

****************************************************************************************

This JavaScript web app viewer was developed by MAG staff for the Human Services Department using ESRI's JavaScript API.  The Victim Services Map Viewer is one of the Maricopa Association of Governments interactive mapping sites, showing victim advocate services data.

## Keywords

`Domestic Violence` `Victim Advocates` `Victim Services` `Victim Services` `Maricopa` `County` `Arizona` `AZ` `Maps` `Maricopa Association of Governments` `MAG` `ESRI` `#MAGmaps`

## Version

#### version 2.3.0 ####

 `Updated: 03/17/2015`

 `Created: 00/00/2012`

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

**`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`**

And constructed with the following guidelines:

1. **MAJOR** version when you make incompatible API changes **bumps the major** resets minor and patch
2. **MINOR** version when you add functionality in a backwards-compatible manner **bumps the minor** resets patch
3. **PATCH** version when you make backwards-compatible bug fixes and misc changes **bumps only the patch**

## Credits

`Maricopa Association of Governments (MAG) and the MAG member agencies`

## Site URL's

* [http://geo.azmag.gov/maps/VictimAdvocates/](http://geo.azmag.gov/maps/VictimAdvocates/)

## Documentation

A detailed list of the changes and fixes in each version update can be found in the `CHANGELOG.md`.

* [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md)

## Resources

## Legal Disclaimer

The Maricopa Association of Governments provides the data within these pages as a public resource of general information for use "as is." The TMaricopa Association of Governments GIS (Geographic Information System) departments provides this information with the understanding that it is not guaranteed to be accurate, correct or complete and any conclusions drawn from such information are the sole responsibility of the user. Further, the Maricopa Association of Governments GIS departments makes no warranty, representation or guaranty as to the content, sequence, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of any of the spatial or database information provided herein. While every effort has been made to ensure the content, sequence, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of materials presented within these pages, the Maricopa Association of Governments GIS Departments assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions, and explicitly disclaims any representations and warranties, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The Maricopa Association of Governments GIS Departments shall assume no liability for:

    1. Any errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the information provided, regardless of how caused; or
    2. Any decision made or action taken or not taken by viewer in reliance upon any information or data furnished hereunder.

Availability of the Maricopa Association of Governments Map Server is not guaranteed. Applications, servers, and network connections may be unavailable at any time for maintenance or unscheduled outages. Outages may be of long duration. Users are cautioned to create dependencies on these services for critical needs.

THE FOREGOING WARRANTY IS EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND/OR ANY OTHER TYPE WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. In no event shall Maricopa Association of Governments become liable to users of these data, or any other party, for any loss or direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, time, money or goodwill, arising from the use or modification of the data.

To assist the Maricopa Association of Governments in the maintenance and/or correction of the data, users should provide the Maricopa Association of Governments GIS Departments with information concerning errors or discrepancies found in using the data. Please use the e-mail contact address at the bottom of the affected web page.

Please acknowledge the Maricopa Association of Governments (MAG) GIS as the source when Map Server data is used in the preparation of reports, papers, publications, maps, or other products.

## Copyright and Licensing

Code released under the MIT license.

A copy of the license is available in the repository's `LICENSE` file.

* [LICENSE](LICENSE)
